hum
Humph
i
You just don't believe me?
What words?
I don't believe in myself.
They're all adults, I'm not afraid
I'm afraid I'm afraid
3, 8, line OK
Good night
Brother Yan, I want to marry you when I grow up
Little girl, you forgot about me
How should I punish you?
I must be thinking too much.
How are you preparing?
Can we go?
Don't forget we are husband and wife now
Grandpa
This is what you mentioned last time.
Kashmir Mining Area
The last batch of sapphires
I bought it at a high price after a lot of trouble.
Yeah, it's fantastic.
Sapphire is good
But it's not enough for grandpa
What do you know?
I don't understand
But we understand Zeyan very well.
Your batch of sapphires
It's nothing compared to the Empire Star
Since Zeyan also wants to enter the jewelry industry
Then you two play fair
I also want to see which of you has the strength to become the heir of the Li family, as ordered
you
You stay here and wait for me.
You go for a medical examination
Why can't I go in together?
obedient
Li Zeyan will come to the hospital for physical examination every once in a while
He can't be bad, can he?
I cooperate with you, what will you give me in return?
I want to get Li Zeyan